Update all cc-libs samples (#9)
AdobeDocs/cc-libraries-api-samples: oauth/readme.md

Adobe OAuth 2.0 requires SSL, so you will need to create a self-signed cert using the OpenSSL CLI.

> If you don't have the `mkcert` tool installed already, install it via Homebrew.

Reviewer: Homebrew won't work on Windows. Let's maybe rewrite this to be a little more "generic":

```suggestion
If you don't have the `mkcert` tool installed already, [install it](https://github.com/FiloSottile/mkcert#installation) on your system and run `mkcert -install`.
```

Be sure to run the OpenSSL CLI command in the repo's top level directory:

```shell
% mkcert localhost
```

> Make sure that after running this command you have the `localhost-key.pem` and `localhost.pem` files at the top level directory.

Reviewer: Maybe (I'm not sure about this one), we should make this bold?

```suggestion
**Make sure that after running this command you have the `localhost-key.pem` and `localhost.pem` files at the top level directory.**
```
